cloud: update docs for RBAC support (#14233)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md

## Organizations and projects

TiDB Cloud provides a hierarchical structure based on organizations and projects to facilitate the management of TiDB Cloud clusters. If you are an organization owner, you can create multiple projects in your organization.

```
- Your organization
    - Project 1

>         - cluster 1
>         - cluster 2
>     - Project 2
>         - cluster 3
>         - cluster 4
>     - Project 3
>         - cluster 5
>         - cluster 6

Author: ```suggestion
        - Cluster 1
        - Cluster 2
    - Project 2
        - Cluster 3
        - Cluster 4
    - Project 3
        - Cluster 5
        - Cluster 6
```

```

Under this structure:

- To access an organization, a user must be a member of that organization.
- To access a project in an organization, a user must at least have the read access to the project in that organization.
- To manage clusters in a project, a user must be in the `Project Owner` role.

> For more information about user roles and permissions, see [User Roles](#user-roles).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about user roles and permissions, see [User Roles](#user-roles).
```

> For more information about user roles and permissions, see [User Roles](#user-roles).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about user roles and privileges, see [User Roles](#user-roles).
```

### Organizations

An organization can contain multiple projects.

TiDB Cloud calculates billing at the organization level and provides the billing details for each project respectively.

> If you are an organization owner, you can the highest permission in your organization.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are an organization owner, you have the highest permission in your organization.
```

For example, you can do the following:

- Create different projects (such as development, staging, and production) for different purposes
- Assign different users with different roles.
- Configure organization settings. For example, configure the time zone for your organization.

### Projects

> An project can contain multiple clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
A project can contain multiple clusters.
```

> If you are an project owner, you can manage clusters and project settings for your project.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are a project owner, you can manage clusters and project settings for your project.
```

For example, you can do the following:

- Create multiple clusters according to your business need.
- Assign different users with different project roles.
- Configure project settings. For example, configure different alert settings for different projects.

> ## User Roles

Author: ```suggestion
## User roles
```

> TiDB Cloud defines different user roles to mange different permissions of TiDB Cloud users in organizations, projects, or both.

Author: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud defines different user roles to manage different privileges of TiDB Cloud users in organizations, projects, or both.
```

> You can apply these permissions only at the organization level or the project level. Make sure to carefully plan the hierarchy of your organizations and projects for security consideration.

Author: ```suggestion
You can grant the roles of a user at the organization level or the project level. Make sure to carefully plan the hierarchy of your organizations and projects for security considerations.
```

### Organization roles

At the organization level, there are four types of roles, in which `Organization Owner` can invite members and grant organization roles to members.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <td>Organization roles</td>

>       <td>Description</td>

Author: ```suggestion
      <td>Privileges</td>
```

          <li>All the privileges of <code>Organization Member</code>.</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>Organization Member</code></td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>View projects in which the members belong to and users in the organization.</li>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> **Note:**
>
> The `Organization Console Audit Admin` role is only visible upon request. It is recommended that you use the `Organization Owner` role for [console audit logging](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-console-auditing.md). If you need to use the `Organization Console Audit Admin` role, click **?** in the lower-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) and click **Chat with Us**. Then, fill in "Apply for the Organization Console Audit Admin role" in the **Description** field and click **Send**.

### Project roles

At the project level, there are three types of roles, in which `Project Owner` can invite members and grant project roles to members.

> **Tip**:
>
> - `Organization Owner` has all the privileges of <code>Project Owner</code> for all projects so it can invite project members and grant project roles to members too.

> > - Each project role has the all the privileges of <code>Organization Member</code> by default.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Each project role has all the privileges of <code>Organization Member</code> by default.
```

<table>
  <colgroup>
  </colgroup>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Project roles</th>

>       <th>Description</th>

Author: ```suggestion
      <th>Privileges</th>
```

    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>Project Owner</code></td>
      <td>
        <ul>

>           <li>Manage project settings, such as network access, third-party integrations, alert subscription, maintenance, and recycle bin.</li>

Author: ```suggestion
          <li>Manage project settings, such as network access, third-party integrations, alert subscription, maintenance windows, and recycle bin.</li>
```

          <li>Invite users to or remove users from a project, and edit project roles of users.</li>
          <li>Manage cluster operations in the project, such as cluster creation, deletion, backup and restore, data import, data migration, and changefeed.</li>
          <li>Manage <a href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-auditing">database audit logging</a> in the project.</li>

>           <li>Manage <a href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/manage-serverless-spend-limit">spend limit</a> for all Serverless clusters in the project.</li>

Author: ```suggestion
          <li>Manage <a href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/manage-serverless-spend-limit">spending limit</a> for all Serverless clusters in the project.</li>
```

4. Click the drop-down list and select your time zone.

5. Click **Save**.

### Invite an organization member

> If you are in the `Organization Owner` role, you can invite members to your organization.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are in the `Organization Owner` role, you can invite users to your organization.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > You can also [invite a user to your project](#invite-a-project-member) directly according to your need, which also makes the user your organization member.

Author: ```suggestion
> You can also [invite a user to your project](#invite-a-project-member) directly according to your need, which automatically makes the user your organization member.
```

>
> The verification link in the email expires in 24 hours. If the user you want to invite does not receive the email, click **Resend**.

> ### Modify the role of an organization member

Author: ```suggestion
### Modify the organization role of a member
```

> If you are in the `Organization Owner` role, you can modify roles in your organization.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are in the `Organization Owner` role, you can modify organization roles of all members in your organization.
```

>
> The verification link in the email will expire in 24 hours. If your user doesn't receive the email, click **Resend**.

> ### Modify the role of an project member

Author: ```suggestion
### Modify the project role of a member
```

> If you are in the `Organization Owner` role, you can modify roles of members in your organization. If you are in the `Project Owner` role, you can modify roles of members in your project.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are in the `Organization Owner` role, you can modify project roles in your organization. If you are in the `Project Owner` role, you can project roles in your project.
```

> To modify the role of an organization member, take the following steps:

Author: ```suggestion
To modify the role of a project member, take the following steps:
```
